
Trivia 2002  'We can't stop having a good time!'

1.  If the longest home run in Wrigley Field history had traveled three more
feet, whose
        TV would it have destroyed?
        Naomi Martinez (100)

2.  In the book American Psycho what perfume does Pat Bateman's girlfriend
wear when
        flirting with his best friend, Price?
        Obsession

3.  What was the cost of lower box seats in King's Theater in 1908?
        Half guinea (missed)

4.  On what date did construction of the Pentagon begin?
        September 11, 1941

5.  In Asterix the Gladiator where does the restaurant owner hide the note
with his
        address?
        Inside a boar (missed)

6.  How long were the original SkiBall lanes?
        36 feet

7.  The members of the barbershop quartet in the movie Summer Catch were
selected from
        what chorus?
        Cape <Something> Chordsmen (missed -- shutout)

8.  A few months before he died Buddy Holly produced the debut single for
his new bass
        player. Who was the musician and what was the single?
        Waylon Jennings, "Jole Blon"

9.  Wine question thrown out because they played the answer over the air

10.  In Jughead Jones Digest #66 there's a costume party at Veronica's. What
does Jughead
        go as?
        A can of Buzz-Off bug spray (missed -- shutout)

11.  What was the Volkswagen originally called?
        Strength through Joy wagon (Kampf durch Freude)

12.  In the movie Brain Candy what is the patient number for Mrs. Horticure?
        957 (missed)

13.  What color is superhero the Red Raven's hair?
        Blond

14.  Which English Soccer club has no letters in its name in common with the
word
        "mackeral"?
        Swindon Town

15.  Name one of three films to be used in the premiere of VH Swansong
January 29 in Cloak
        Theater?
        Rashoman, Blues Brothers, Singin' in the Rain (missed)

16.  What original music was the Laurie Anderson song "Oh Superman" based on
and when was
        the original piece first performed?
        Massinet's "O Souverain", November 30, 1885

17.  What are the last three words of the children's book Stay Up Late?
        All night long

18.  In the 1880s Palm Beach three-wheeled vehicle was called what in jive
slang?
        Uncle Tom's Carriage (missed)

19.  What's the first thing that happened when the fifth trumpet sounded?
        A star fell

20.  What is the fourth feature listed on the box for the Zip Beat 6000
metronome?
        Sweet LED display (missed)

21.  What is praised as the healthiest vegetable in the 1995 Old Farmer's
Almanac?
        Sweet potato

22.  In the TV show Alf where did Willie and Kate spend their honeymoon?
        Duke of Mist Hotel in Niagara Falls

23.  What was James White Davis buried in?
        His baseball uniform

24.  In the comic strip Bloom County what 14 letter S word was banned by the
Meese
        commission?
        Snugglebunnies (thrown out due to incompetence)

25.  In the 1991 printing of the 1968 Boy Scout's Art Merit badge book, what
is the 5th
        requirement?
        Design something useful

26.  Who was Bonnie Heck in the poem The Last Dying Words of Bonnie Heck?
        Greyhound (missed)

27.  Which Minor League Hockey team has an angry whooping crane as its
mascot?
        Macon Whoopie (Georgia)

28.  In the play A Shayna Maidel why did Lusia have to stay in Poland
instead of
        traveling to America?
        She's sick with scarlet fever

29.  What football teams played and what was the final score when the
earliest form of
        Gatorade was used?
        FL State-LA State (shutout)

30.  What company made the commerative towels for the Wisconsin-Iowa in
which Ron Dayne
        broke the rushing record?
        Macarthur Towels (missed)

31. Around the 1900's what US city was considered the onion capital of the
world?
        Eagan, MN (thrown out due to vagueness of date)

32.  In Al Franken's book Rush Limbaugh is a Big Fat Idiot, he suggests a
few amendment
        ideas. What is his 32nd?
        Preventing exotic dancers from picking up US currency with anything
but their
        hands (missed)

33.  In Monopoly World with 8 hotels and 9 houses how much would you be
charged for
        street repairs?
        1380

34.  What is the name of the annual bicycle ride that traverses Iowa?
        Ragbrai

35.  Who designed the battleship HMS Captain?
        Captain Cowper Coles

36.  Approximately how many cows does it take to supply the NFL with enough
leather for
        a year's supply of footballs?
        3000

37. Who was the Save Nixon rabbi?
        Baruch Korff

38.  What does tres vieux mean on a bottle of cognac?
        Been stored 6-10 years in oak barrels (missed)

39.  What is in a drink called an America?
        bourbon, lime juice, and grenadine (missed -- thrown out)

40.  What alcohol is sometimes called Campari's younger brother?
        apparel (?) (missed)

41.  What spirits were thought to have healing powers by Egyptians ca. 1500
BC?
        Anise seed flavored spirits (missed)

42.  What often flavorless liquor made from potatoes has a minimum of 64
proof?
        Clorere (sp?) (missed)

43.  On what street was the record store Van Morrison's parents ran?
        Beer's Broad Rd. in E. Belfast (shutout)

44. If train A departs Moscow at 1pm traveling 50 mph and train B departs
Vladivostok at
        1:30pm traveling 70 mph, how do you say "train schedule" in Russian?
        RASPISANIYE

45.  Why did Hitchcock want to work with Salvador Dali on Spellbound?
        architectural sharpness (missed)

46.  In jive slang the term chicken head refers to what?
        unpleasant woman (missed -- thrown out)

47.  In 1942 The Hobbit was published with cover art Tolkien called hideous.
What
        organization issued the new edition?
        Children's Book Club (shutout)

48.  Name two of London's garden squares that are actually squares and not
rectangles.
        Belgrave, St. James, Trafalgar, and Manchester(?) (missed)

49.  In the computer game Bard's Tale what magician's spell makes a party
members hand
        more deadly by adding whatever?
        Mage gauntlets

50.  What separates the Colbert Mountains from the Lully Foothills?
        Vivaldi Gap (shutout)

51. In the inside cover of the December 2000 issue of Skratch what is the
band name and
        album title in the upper left-hand corner?
        Lawrence Arms, something and exhaustion (shutout)

52.  Who was Hulk Hogan's voice in the cartoon series Hulk Hogan's Rock 'N'
Wrestling?
        Brad Garrett

53.  Whose head is Count Ugolino gnawing on?
        Archbishop Ruggieri (from the Inferno)

54.  On a Commodore 128 what command do you type to get a list of system
programmers?
        SYS32400<and some other stuff> (missed)

55.  Who has film director John Carpenter been in love with since he was 22?
        Cynthia Myers (missed)

56.  According to T.S. Eliot who "divide the modern world between them.
There is no
        third."?
        Dante and Shakespeare

57.  Who was the mayor of Hampstead Long Island and who replaced him after
his death
        in 1967?
        (didn't hear -- shutout)

58.  What is the full title of the Wisconsin Synod hymn containing the
lyrics
        "O Blessed home where man and wife together lead a godly life"?
        O Blessed Home Where Man and Wife

59.  Who's the artist who made a statue of William F. Cody for Cody Park in
North
        Platte, NB?
        William Bryan Myckleburgh (missed it by that much)

60.  In Bard's Tale what is the name of the final foe you must defeat to win
the game and
        what is the name of the item needed to accomplish that task?
        Mangar; spectre snare (missed)

61.  Ben and Jerry's send the wastes to pig farmers to use as feed. What is
the one flavor
        the pigs will not eat?
        Mint oreo

62.  The term "four sisters on thumb street" refers to what?
        masturbation (thrown out)

63.  What brass band led by Peter Davis was Louis Armstrong a member of in
1913?
        Colored Waifs' Home Brass Band

64.  What EU country has the highest rate per capita of sushi consumption?
        Austria (missed)

65.  Who was the first non-communist to fly in Soviet Spacecraft?
        Col. Something or other in 1982 (missed)

66.  What song is playing on the radio in the convenience store in the movie
Grosse
        Pointe Blank just before it blows up?
        Live and Let Die (missed)

67.  Who were to be the members of the super group Band-Aid?
        Arthur Lee, Steve Winwood, Jimi Hendrix (shutout)

68.  The pancreas produces what two hormones?
        insulin and glucogon

69.  What do banana slugs do immediately after sex?
        They gnaw off each other's penises

70.  What was the total cost of tuition at Lawrence in 1986?
        11826 (off-campus shutout)

71.  In the comic Get Fuzzy what is the name of Satchel's watch?
        Handy (missed)

72.  In the German notes to the Bach 2 CD set Das Kantatenwerk, what was the
44th word?
        oboe (shutout)

73.  In the Dinosaur Attacks game card 37 (1998) in what park does
pachycephalosaurus
        feed on picnickers?
        Somerville Park (missed)

74.  The omen of impending death consisting of small flickering lights
hovering over
        someone's home was called what?
        Corpse candles or corpse lights (missed).

75.  Who created the original Human Torch for Marvel Comics in 1939?
        Carl Burgos

76.  Steely Dan makes a reference to Amen Corner in the song Almost Gothic.
Where is it?
        Augusta National Golf Course

77.  What color is Alice's scarf in the movie That Night?
        Light blue

78.  At the premiere of the Barber of Seville what two accidents nearly
ruined the
        performance?
        Cat ran across the stage and a singer tripped and got a nosebleed

79.  In what US state can you find a roadsign with the cities Belgrade,
Manhattan,
        and Amsterdam?
        Montana

80.  Who was traded by the San Diego Padres after the 1986 season to open a
spot for
        Benito Santiago?
        Terry Kennedy (missed)

81.  On the Peter Pan ride at Walt Disney World, what is the time set on Big
Ben?
        9:07 (missed)

82.  From whom did WS Gilbert learn the basics of stage direction?
        Tom Robertson

83.  In what restaurant did Hitchcock first hear the pitch for Shadow of a
Doubt?
        Brown Derby

84.  In the Donna Reed Show Jeff used to put on a puppet show for his
friends. What was the
        puppet's name?
        Bongo

85.  In the first Jay & Silent Bob comic book, what movie do they watch in
the department
        store?
        Pretty in Pink (missed)

86.  The saxophone soloist on Paul Simon's "Still Crazy After All These
Years" appeared
        courtesy of what record company?
        Arista Records (Phil Woods)

87.  How many U of N Carolina died during the Civil War?
        321 (missed)

88.  What Minor League baseball team promises lifetime general admission to
anyone 18 or
        over who gets a tattoo of the team's logo?
        Daytona Cubs

89.  In the folk song "Uncle Reuben", what does the raccoon say to the
possum?
        Son, shake them 'simmins down (shutout)

90.  Who were the narrators of Sports Illustrated 1987 Super Duper Baseball
Bloopers?
        Curt Chaplin and Larry Kenny (missed)

91.  Name the country home 100 miles from London where Prince Harry
reputedly did most of
        his pot smoking?
        Highgrove

92.  Which player has the lowest defensive rating in Sega Genesis NBA Jam?
        Charles Barkley (missed)

93.  What herbal brew has been billed as a cure for hangovers since it was
first made in
        1846?
        unterberg

94.  In the computer game Phantasmagoria what must you do to keep Don from
strapping
        you in?
        Show him the stuffed snowman

95.  What movement popularized WWJD?
        Social Gospel (missed)

96.  Who does Richard Melzer nominate to push John Tesh off the balcony he
appears on the
        cover of Avalon?
        Ruben Blades (shutout)

97. In 1965 how many people participated in the US food stamp program?
        425000 (missed)

98.  What Indian festival is marked by hanging self-immolated victims on
iron hooks?
        Churook Poojh (sp?) (missed)

99.  What did Hitchcock dislike about the scene where Ingrid Bergman first
meets Gregory
        Peck in Spellbound?
        The violins in the background music

100. When Saigon fell, what was the signal for all Americans to evacuate?
        "White Christmas" by Bing Crosby played over the radio

101.  Quincy Jones describes himself as the bebop version of what movie
character?
        Forrest Gump

102. On the back cover of the Jewish quiz book, you are advised to read how?
        In good health (missed)

103. When was the first Oscar Meyer Wienermobile deployed?
        July 18, 1936

104. What James Burris / Chris Smith tune features the lyrics "Stretch your
lovin' arms
        straight out in space / Then you do the eagle rock with style and
grace"?
        Ballin' the Jack

105. Name the conductor of VH Sinfonia in the show VH Swansong which
premieres January 29
        at 9:15PM at Cloak Theater?
        Vlad Vladimir (Missed)

106. What is step 3 of the directions printed inside a White Castle Crave
Case?
        Stop Eating when you reach cardboard. (Missed)

107. What is the headline of the Tuesday April 29th 1980 LA Times?
        Alfred Hitchcock Dies

108. In the Simpsons episode Lemon of Troy, they Split to 3 teams,
        what are the 3 team names?
        Strike Force, Omega, Discovery Channel

109. In JK Tools, "Confederacy of Dunces", Ignatious Reilly writes which 3
gods gained
        ascendency after the breakdown of the medieval system?
        Chaos, Lunacy and Bad Taste (missed)

110. In 1951 a midget played one game for St. Louis Browns.  What was only
Prof. Baseball
        Player to attend his funeral? (Midget - Eddie Gaedell (Died June 18,
1961))
        Bob Cain

111. On a ship's scuttle, what is the metal plate that prevents light from
the inside being
        seen from outside?
        the deadlight (missed)

112. Who won the TN State heavyweight weightlifting championship in 1952?
        Paul Anderson

113. What was the music for the A&E movie Pride and Prejudice modeled after?
        Beethoven Septet (missed)

114. What is the phrase over the urinals in the "Everybody Got Their
Something" CD insert?
        Tug of War

115. What small mountain range is located east of the Sor-Bonde Mountains
and west of the
        Prince Charles Mountains?

        (missed -- didn't hear answer)

116. Which two lakes are formed by the Penobscot River in Maine?
        Chinkaskuk and ???kuk (missed)

117. In a 1993 publishing 40% of Americans' radiation exposure came from
what?
        radon

118. Who was the first trumpet player to perform at Comiskey Park after the
Sept. 11
        attacks?
        Matt Icke. (shut-out)

119. Carl Heinz Stockhausen, avant-garde composer, referred to what event as
"the
        greatest work imaginable for the whole cosmos?"
        The attack on the World Trade Center (he later claimed he was
mis-quoted).

120. What is the only breed of domestic rabbit that changes color?
        Champagne d'Argent

121. Lead story of issue 6 of the punk 'zine, "The Big Takeover"?
        The breakup of the Buzzcocks (missed)

122. Formal name of the racing event held annually in Deming, NM since 1979?
        The Great American Duck Race

123. In J.K. Tool's "A Confederacy of Dunces", what company was Ignatius
Reilly's first
        employer?
        Levy Pants

124. What is the name of the jam store in the second town in the game, "Star
Ocean
        of the Second Story"?
        Dolphin Kick

125. According to TV Guide's description of the Baywatch that aired on TNN
        at 5pm on Sunday November 25 2001, what did Sam question about
Mitch?
        His ability to be objective while judging a beauty pageant (missed)

126. In October of 1954, J.R.R. Tolkien received an honorary doctorate of
letters
        from what university?
        University of Liege in Belgium.

127. Name of dog on crackerjack box?
        Bingo

128. What restaurant chain founder is buried in Clemons, IA?
        Sherwood "Sherb" Noble of Dairy Queen (missed)

129. With whom did President Grover Cleveland father an illegitimate child?
        Maria C. Halpin

130. Who was the artist of Card #26 of the Aliens vs Preditors CCG?
        ?Robert Doerst?  (Missed)

131. Rossini said if you gave him a blank, he could set it to music?
        Laundry List

132. What was the orignal title of HG Well's The Time Machine?
        The Chronic Argonauts

133. In the Crying of Lot 49, what was Edipa Mass' husbands name?
        Wendel Mucho Mass

134. In the hand held 25th anniversary Kanomi Star Trek game, what was the
        3rd item on the damage list?
        Weapon Systems.

135. Sport invented by a swiss biologist after studying other team sports?
        Tchoukball

136. At which elementary school did wild space dancer Dorothy Faith Thompson
teach
        3rd-5th grade?
        Golden Meir Elementary (missed)

137. What theater was demolished to make way for the Mariott Marquis in NY?
        Helen Haise Theatre (missed) (Thrown out!)

138. According to English folklore, 1892 Jane Rowe from Marrazon Cornwall
suffered
        stomach ache for several years, what was the cause?
        5 inch lizard living in her stomach (missed)

139. Only major league pitcher to record 3000 strikeouts and fewer than 1000
walks?
        Fergi Jenkins

140. Who appeared Americans Funniest Home Videos playing the Beer Barrel
Polka?
        Prof. Williard Palmer (missed)

141. What are the two most northern cities where the World Series has been
played?
        Minneappolis & Bloomington

142. In the classic computer game Wasteland, an IQ score of 17 will allow
access to what
         special skill?
        Metallurgy

143. On June 23, 1950, who hit the winning RBI in the Yankees-Tigers game?
        Walter Ute Evans (missed) (Thrown Out)

144. What basketball team won the world championship in 1940?
        Harlem Globtrotters

145. Who knocked Hitler unconcious in Captain America #2?
        Bucky Barnes

146. What is Baby Kermit statement at the end of the book "I can go potty"?
        Kermit can use the potty now, hip hip hooray!

147. In WWII what were Jehovah's Witnesses forced to wear?
        Purple Triangle

148. What is the motto of the Navy Parachute Rigging Shop?
        We're The Last To Let You Down

149. In electronic Gaming Monthy's 2001 end of year review, what was the
worst game
        of all time?
        ET The Extra Terrestrial (missed)

150. According to Bob and Gretchen Passantio's article about satanism, what
are
        the danger signs for your child?
        Preoccupation with the colors red and black. (missed)

151. Who invented the radio baton?
        Max V. Matthews

152. What name does Winnie the Pooh live under?
        Mr. Saunders

153. Who was the first European to begin selling orange juice in bottles?
        Rolf H. Dittmeyer (shutout)

154. In the 60s Batman TV show how did the Joker steal Skip Parker's surfing
ability?
        Surfing Experience and Ability Transferometer and Vigor Reverser
(missed)

155. Jazz drummer Arthur James Singleton was born May 14, 1898 in what city
and state?
        Bunkie, Louisiana

156. In the Jan/Feb 1998 Film Comment, Martin Scorsese wrote a letter in
regards to what?
        film color preservation (missed)

157. What was the original name of the Popsicle?
        Ep(p)icicle

158. What image graces the Iranian flag and what does it symbolize?
        Red tulip symbolizing martyrdom (missed -- thrown out)

159. What Queen Victoria's first act after her coronation?
        She washed her dog (missed -- thrown out)

160. What are the first four words on the Warrant Cherry Pie album?
        Dirty, rotten, filthy, stinking

161. The mythical beast cockatrice is supposedly created how?
        Chicken egg hatched by a snake or toad

162. What was the first boss in the Sega Genesis game Garfield Caught in the
Act?
        Odie as Count Slavula (missed -- thrown out)

163. What was blues guitarist Robert Hicks better known as?
         Barbeque Bob

164. Who was responsable for the death of Aquababy?
        Black Manta

165.  Exacty how many piling are holding up the Pentagon?
        41,192 (thrown out)

166.  What was Fort Snelling in MN first called?
        Fort Saint Anthony

167.  Who is the only person Princess Rosette will marry?
        King of Peacocks

168.  The people of Allendale Northumberland celebrate the new year by
burning an effigy
        of what?
        Burning tar barrels

169.  The Taoist god of literature is reputed to reside where?
        Constellation ursa Major (missed)

170.  What is added to Cream of Wheat for quick cooking?
        Disodium phosphate (missed)

171. What book did CIA director Allen Dulles publish when he was eight years
old?
        Boer War, A History (1902).  (Tossed due to phone issues)

172.  What is the onomotopeic palindrome on "Questions People Ask about
Monopoly" insert
        included with the game?
        Toot

173.  Author Joel Chandler Harris is best known for his racially motivated
fictional works
        featuring what main character?
        Brer Rabbit

174.  Who is the smallest man in the pro Football Hall of Fame?
        Ray Shortie (5' 6", 135 lbs. shutout)

175.  Where did the chardonnay grape originate?
        Austria (off-campus shutout)

176.  Who produced the sound for MegaMan 2?
        Oguretsu Kun (missed)

177.  In Denise Austin's Arms and Busts video, what alternate equipment is
suggested if
        you don't have two light weights?
        Two soup cans

178.  What is the first name of the little girl in the first episode of Hulk
Hogan's
        Rock 'N' Roll Wrestling called the Four-Legged Pickpocket?
        Amy (missed)

179.  In the original Time Machine movie, to what month, day, and year does
David travel?
        Oct 12, 802701 (missed)

180.  Who is patent D219,584 issued to?
        Steve McQueen

181.  In the Superfriends comic book that introduces the Wonder Twins, what
international
         superhero does Superman team up with?
        The Seraph (sp?) (shutout)

182.  What is the first song David Byrne wrote in Spanish?
        Desconocido Soy

183.  When was the only known criminal hanging of an elephant?
        September 1916

184.  What is the nickname of Quincy Jones' only son?
        Snoopy

185.  Of whom did Philly Joe Jones say, "This man taught me something I had
almost forgotten.
        He taught me how important the drum is."
        Chick Webb (missed)

186.  What famous conductor described the sound of the harpsichord as "two
skeletons
        copulating on galvanized tin roof"?
        Sir Thomas Beacham

187.  In Bloodsport what was Chong Li's record for fastest victory?
        14.8 (?) seconds (missed)

188.  According to the official mountain biker's dictionary, what do you get
if your stem
        has no nardguard?
        Wang chung

189.  Who posed as Rhonda in the Hustler pictorial for Frank Zappa's
Thing-Fish?
        Annie Ample

190.  Who was #4 in Genesis magazine's 2001 porn hot 100?
        Jill Kelly (missed)

191.  What former Hollywood stuntman and judo master who was supposed to
have choked out
        Bruce Lee, Chuck Norris, and Stephen Seagal?
        "Mr. Judo" Gene LaBelle

192.  What is the English translation (NIV, not KJ) of the place where
Joshua circumsized
        the Israelites?
        Hill of Foreskins

193.  What was the first year in which the World's Strongest Man competition
was not won
        by an American?
        1983 (missed)

194. In Bridget Jones Diary (book) what type of shoes did she pack for her
mini-break with
        Daniel?
        Trailer trash pink <something> (missed -- Lucky Guess penalized for
jamming)

195.  In Noelle Cleary's Art and Power of Being of a Lady what does she
recommend as the
        polite thing for a woman to say during sex when she realizes she's
not going to
        come?
        You go ahead (missed)

196. According to Cosmo Gyno a burning sensation in your vagina after sex
could be caused
        by what factors?
        Vaginal dryness and/or body dehydration (missed)

197. Who said, "I am most anxious to enlist everyone who can speak or write
or join in
        checking this folly of women's rights"?
        Queen Victoria

198.  According to a British tabloid quoting Cosmo Jennifer Anniston snagged
Brad Pitt
        because she prolonged what specific time period in their
relationship?
        pre-nookie period (missed)

199.  According to Cosmo what is the 7th out of 10 ways to ensure a dud date
never calls
        you again?
        Ask that he refers to you as "Mommy" (missed)

200.  According to Reader's Digest in 2001 what are the five foods that
women need most?
        buffalo meat, flaxseed, papaya, tofu, and collard greens

201.  What was the first college to offer a full bachelor's degree to women?
        Georgia Female College

202.  What company developed a snack to help women combat PMS?
        Time of the Month, Inc. (missed)

203.  In the Coca-Cola Monsters of the Gridiron 1994 edition, who was
nicknamed "Ghost"?
        Sean Jones

204.  What is Mozart's full name as it appears on his baptismal record?
        Johannes Chrysostomus Wolfgangus Theophilus Mozart

205.  In an episode of Xena, Warrior Princess Aphrodite casts a spell on
Joxer, Gabrielle,
        and Xena to keep them from retrieving the mystic diamond. What
effect does the
        spell have on Xena?
        She becomes obsessed with fishing

206. What is Leopold Bloom's cat afraid of?
        chickens

207.  What Latin postscript to his epitaph did English King Edward I dictate
on his deathbed?
        Scotorum Malleus (missed)

208.  How long is a jiffy?
        1/100 of second (thrown out)

209.  In the movie Back to Future what movie is playing at the theater when
Marty arrives
        in 1955 according to the sign for fifty-cent seats? (10 point
question)
        Cattle Queen of Montana

210.  Rossini, a hypochondriac and insomniac, once said, "I have all of
women's ills. All I
        lack is a <blank>"?
        uterus

211.  Who does Muhammad Ali say his toughest fight was with?
        his first wife (missed)

212.  At what venue did wrestler Mick Foley meet his future wife?
        Riverhead Raceway (missed)

213.  What book is "a memorable history of England comprising all the parts
you can remember
        including 103 good things, 5 bad kings, and two dates"
        1066 and All That

214.  In the book American Psycho what song does Price whistle as he walks
towards Evelyn's
        brownstone?
        If I Were a Rich Man

215. If a British tailor asks you for cabbage, what is he asking you for
slangily?
        Snippets of cloth

216. What is 1/20 of a Troy ounce?
        a pennyweight

217. In 1976 the town of Picouza, Ecuador elected a mayor named Pulvapies.
Why was this
        embarrassing?
        "He" was a foot powder

218.  Pink Floyd performed Feb 17-20, 1972 at the Rainbow Theater. If you
were foolish and
        bought tickets for the 21st, what two bands did you see?
        Chicken Shack and Savoy Brown (missed)

219. On what date does National Open an Umbrella Indoors Day fall?
        March 13

220. Why does Wicket enter the Black Cavern in the May 1987 issue of Ewoks
Comics?
        To get the sun crystal (missed)

221. In what comic strip did Krazy Kat and Ignatz Mouse first appear?
        Dingbat Family

222. Who played drums with Donald Fagan and Walter Becker in a band called
Leather Canary?
        Chevy Chase

223. In what venue did Pink Floyd perform on March 4, 1973?
        Dane County Memorial Coliseum

224. The Steely Dan song Your Gold Teeth refers to Cathy Berberian. Who was
Cathy
        Berberian's husband?
        John Cage (missed -- thrown out)

225. Each toy in the Kenner Toys Alien Series came with a small comic book.
What is the
        last line in the Dark Horse comic #11?
        Monster rhinoes! (missed)

226. How long did George Sanders live with Douglas Sirk?
        1 year (missed)

227. How many whacks did it take to behead Mary Queen of Scots?
        15 (missed -- thrown out)

228.  Who was the first person boiled alive after Henry VIII authorized it
as a method of
        execution?
        Richard Roose

229. Lamaism priests would use the thigh bones of victims of violent deaths
what kind of
        instrument to summon demons?
        "trumpet" (got points on appeal)

230.  In 1971 3 million deaths, 250,000 rape cases, and the displacement of
40 million
        people marked the emergence of what nation?
        Bangladesh

231. What saint was tortured extensively by being stretched out and bound to
a gridiron and
        roasted over a large fire?
        St. Lawrence

232. Name the mythological Paraguan beast with an exceptionally long penis
that often kills
        his partners?
        kfhlah? (shutout)

233. What world leader is known for shooting his minister of health in the
mouth?
        Saddam Hussein

234. In 1988 Iranian troops aided by Kurdish guerillas killed 5000 civilians
with chemical
        weapons in what Kurdish city?
        Halapja

235. What unusual method did Squire John Mytton use to get rid of his
hiccups?
        setting fire to his nightshirt

236. In addition to the $50000 she's receiving for child support from her
billionaire
        ex-husband Lisa Bonder(?) Kerkorian is demanding an extra ??? for
what purpose?
        To care for her bunny and other pets

237. Who was presented the Cowboy Fun award on December 15, 1996?
        Joe Beaver (shutout)

238. What was celebrated on May 4, 1998 at Avery Fisher Hall?
        The lifetime work by Martin Scorsese

239. Who participated in the first officially sanctioned Irish amateur
women's boxing match?
        Katie Taylor and Elanna Audley

240. Which poet was laid to rest in a hollow of an oak tree which has since
enclosed his
        body?
        Hans Wilhelm von ???? (shutout)

241. Around the turn of the 20th century what did girls throw on the streets
on May 15 to
        determine the initials of their future husbands?
        eggs (missed)

242. According to the 10th edition of the Boy Scout's Handbook what are the
5 W's of
        traveling?
        Who, what, where, when, why

243. In what year and in what city and country did Hitchcock first learn
about menstration?
        Genoa, Italy in 1925

244. In the Buffy the Vampire Slayer episode Hush, what is the room number
of the first
        victims of the Gentlemen?
        118

245. In the 1987 Klutz Yo-Yo book by John Cassidy, there is a person of what
occupation
        playing with a yo-yo on the inside front cover?
        nun (missed)

246. Who designed the first skyscraper, where, and when?
        (thrown out)

247. What is the name of the extraterrestrial who approached the French
journalist Real
        to build an embassy?
        Yahweh Elohim (missed)

248. How did Billy Martin of the NY Yankees break his ankle during the 1952
season?
        (thrown out -- answer said over air)

249. What were Pretty Boy Floyd's last words?
        I'm Charles Arthur Floyd (missed -- got credit after station visit)

250. What football star met Dick "the Bruiser" Atlas in a grudge match in
Detroit in 1963?
        Alex Karras

251. Who bootlegged the Velvet Underground's concert at Max's Kansas City in
NY in the
        summer of 1970?
        Bridget Polk

252. What is the motto of the USS Enterprise (aircraft carrier)?
        Ready on arrival (missed)

253. Who was quoted as saying, "Their land was desired ... so it was not
genocide."
        Leo Cooper (shutout)

254. At Smithsonian Institute what is always hidden in the USS Enterprise
carrier model
        that has no place on a ship whatsoever?
        A scale model car

255. Who recorded the first documented sighting of the Loch Ness Monster?
        St. Columba

256. When did composer Dimitri Shostakovich quit smoking?
        Sept 17, 1971 (missed)

257. Name the artist and the album on which vocalists chant, "the second
stop is Jupiter"?
        Sun Ra; Nothing Is

258. Which prominent New Testament figure has been interpreted as "a
prankster, liar, and
        dupe who unknowingly upends almost every situation he finds himself
in"?
        St. Peter

259. What phone number was called to create the phone sex shutout card?
        1-800-933-8550 (shutout)

260. What was the motto of the A-1 Detective Agency in the radio series I
Love a Mystery?
        "No job too tough, no mystery too baffling"

261. Who did Mick Foley wrestle as on the night when he broke his wrist in a
scaffold match
        in 1989?
        Cactus Jack; SuperZodiac #2 (missed)

262. What was the name of the Russian spy exchanged for Gary Francis Powers?
        Col. Rudolph Abel

263. In Shirley Jackson's The Lottery, what is on the slip of paper of the
winner of the
        lottery?
        Black dot

264. During 2000 May Day gardening protest 600 environmental activists dug
up and planted
        seeds in London's Parliament Square. What did they grow up to be?
        marijuana

265. When did the city of North Platte erect and dedicate a monument to
Native Americans
        who contributed to the success of the Wild West exhibition?
        <something>, 2001 (shutout)

266. Who was the French soprano who sang at the Metropolitan Opera 1931-59?
        Lily Pons

267. In 1959 what did rioting Panamainians demand to fly?
        Panamainian flag

268. On page 36 of the Dec 2001 edition of what periodical is there an
advertisement for
        the LU percussion studio?
        Percussive Notes (missed)

269. What is the real name of April in Paris composer Vernon Duke?
        Vladimir Dukelsky

270. What did Jennifer Ehle compare filming Pride and Prejudice to?
        Being on a ship

271. According to Nick Gomez the process of filming is like what?
        An addiction (shutout)

272. The day lily hemerokallis graminea has been known as a cure for what
ailment?
        grief or infertility (missed)

273. Name the three qualities Ralph Hinkley possessed that enabled him to be
a superhero.
        strong moral character, high idealism, and integrity

274. How long in feet is one minute of 16mm film?
        32 feet (thrown out -- should've been 36 feet)

275. Who was the role of Sundance in Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid
originally
        offered to?
        Warren Beatty

276. In the 2nd Jay and Silent Bob comic who is attempting to re-create the
porno genre?
        Neil Patrick Harris (missed)

277. The coat of Muhammed is preserved in what shrine in Constantinople?
        <something>-Surai (shutout)

278. Who was the musica director of this summer's production of Bye Bye
Birdy at the
        Hillcrest Community Theater in St. Paul, MN?
        Florian Keller (missed)

279. What are the names of the Superfriends in the Simpsons episode Bart's
Comet?
        Ham, e-mail, report card, database, cosine, and Lisa (missed)

280. In act I scene 3 of Streetcar Named Desire, which cards are wild in the
poker game?
        one-eyed jacks

281. In 1986 what was the total student enrollment at Lawrence University?
        1036 (missed)

282. Who did Frank Gotch allegedly pay off to cripple George Hackenschmidt
before their
        heavyweight wrestling championship in 1908?
        Ad Santel

283. What 3 bowel symptoms does the gingerbread man have in the Mintrol ad
in TV Guide's
        November 24-30 issue?
        Bloating, cramping, and abdominal pain

284. How tall was Ludwig von Beethoven?
        5' 4''

285. What film is featured on card 6 of Topps picture card series Fright
Flicks?
        Day of the Dead (missed)

286. Who was the first woman to be admitted into the Friar's Club?
        Liza Minelli (missed)

287. At the Star Tours Ride at Disneyland while you're waiting in line a
name is
        broadcast backwards over the loudspeakers. What is the name
forwards?
        George Lucas

288. Henry I was known to have been fond of what kind of seafood which is
believed to
        have caused his death?
        lampreys

289. What was the name of Napoleon's horse?
        Marengo

290. In the 13th century the town of bareton was subjected to a blood tax
for its role in
        the murder of shepherds in what valley?
        Ronchol (?) (missed -- shutout?)

291. Who designed the 13th NY Film Festival poster?
        William Wegman (shutout)

292. What was the first song Brian Wilson wrote while high?
        Please Let Me Wonder

293. What was needed to remove the novelty items that Bart glued to his
head?
        terror sweat

294. What album is advertised on the back of the Apr 1968 issue of
Crawdaddy?
        <...> Forever Changes (shutout)

295. What is the title of the official who carries messages from royalty to
the Houses
        of Parliament?
        Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod

296. What weapon associated with thunder is carried by Indra the warrior
deity of India?
        diamond (?) mace (missed -- thrown out)

297. If I wanted to see Pink Floyd on Nov. 15 1974, how much would it have
cost me?
        1.65 pounds (shutout)

298. What Lawrence U and Trivia Weekend alumnus now designs computer
role-playing games
        and what company does he work for?
        Josh Sawyer; Black Isle Studios

299. Who is credited with rediscovering the principles of lunar fertility in
the 1950s?
        Dr. Eugene Jonas

300. What is Anita Pallenberg's favorite thing to sing in the bathtub?
        The Ride of Valkyries (shutout)

301. In Ford Maddox Ford's Good Soldier where is the narrator originally
from?
        Philadelphia (missed)

302. Donald Fagen and Walter Becker collaborated with whom when writing
their hit song
        Gaucho?
        Keith Jarrett (missed)

303. In what year was the first book advocating birth control published and
by whom?
        1830 ; Robert Dale Owen (missed)

304. What was the first American theater to employ air conditioning?
        Walnut Street Theater in Pennsylvania (missed) (thrown out)

305. Name the Captain Beefheart fan who announced her engagement to him in
the Baltimore
        Sun newspaper?
        Joan Marie Lobell

306. What is created when adding cold milk to hot coffee?
        Fibonacci swirls (shutout)

307. What is the license plate on car Marion Owens drives that Norman Bates
pushes into
        the lake?
        NFB 418

308. What barbershop quarter open for Russell Crowe's band 30 Odd Foot of
Grunts last
        August?
        Sheer Delight

309. In the GI Joe series Sins of the Father Destro recites an ancient
chant?
        Anybody listening to this backwards for a secret occult message is a
real dweeb

310. What does an Amish buggy with a white top say about the amount of cows
the owner has?
        No more than 14 cows (shutout)

311. What do Professor Xavier and Jeffery Lebowski have in common?
        Both Korean War veterans (missed)

312. When did Good Friday fall on a Tuesday?
        On <something> 1864 a horse called Good Friday fell at the racetrack
(missed)

313. In  the Superfriends comic book that introduced the origins of the
Wonder Twins
        Aquaman got his butt kicked. Who beat him up and who saved his sorry
ass?
        The Undai ; Gleek (missed)

314. In Waffle House Juke Box Favorites what track was done by Danny Jones?
        There Are Raisins in My Toast

315. What is <Tolkien question spelled out -- no clue>

316. What have I got in my pocket?

317 In Ren and Stimpy according to Doctor Stupid what is the ugly white slab
in a can of
        beans?
        The queen bean

318. What were Lou Costello's last words?
        That was the best ice cream soda I ever tasted (missed -- couldn't
get in)

319. What was the last name of the quintuplets born Jan 5, 1973: Douglas,
Elizabeth, Thomas,
        Vicki?
        Baer

320. In Joesph Conrad's Secret Sharer what was the occupation of Leggett's
father?
        minister

321. In Aboriginal mythology which deity is a red kangaroo by day and a
human by night?
        krantniri (sp?)

322. What is the Chinese word for accordian?
        <sanpinchin or some such thing> (missed)

323. How many Nobel Prize winners are on the staff at Humboldt University?
        29

324. Who wrote the review of Birth of a Nation in Atlanta Constitution Dec 7
1915?
        Ned MacIntosh

325. Whose grave purportedly lies at the confluence of Druenlzier Bern and
the River Tweed?
        Merlin

326. In Catcher in the Rye what is Phoebe's middle name? (10 points)
        Josephine

327. In the movie Kate and Leopold at what month and day does Leopold leave
his own time?
        April 28 (missed)

328. On June 2 to prevent cobras from reaching the N. American continent,
the Wellness
        Permission League asks everyone north Panama go out at noon local
time and yell
        what word?
        Fudge!

329. What Nazi Gestapo officer was known as the Butcher of Lyons?
        Klaus Barbie

330. What manufacturer produced the panty-kini in the 1970s?
        Modess

331. What was the weather forecast on the day that Vito Corleone was shot?
        Rain; light turnout(?) forecast today (missed)

332. Which saint of male heirs watched 2 of her sons beaten with clubs, 1
thrown off a
        rock, and 3 beheaded and then proceded to thank God for having let
her give birth?
        St. Felicity

333. In the Victorian Age, if you are given a piece of coxcomb, what would
it be intended
        to indicate about you?
        foppery

334. What was the name of Samuel Johnson's pet cat?
        Hodge

335. What was Genghis Khan's original name at birth?
        Temujin

336. What is the women's auxilliary of the Veterans of Future Wars called?
        Association of Future Gold Star Mothers (missed)

337. According Hitchcock what kind of sex appeal did Grace Kelly have?
        indirect (missed)

338. What two horses were in the race of the century on Tuesday, May 27,
1823?
        American Eclipse and Sir Henry

339. What actress was known as the lady in mink?
        Bess Meyerson (missed)

340. What city boasts of being the Sinkhole capital of the US?
        Fountain, MN

341. What movie did Duke Ellington and his Orchestra appear in 1929 in the
Cotton Club?
        Black and Tan

342. If NTSC 24-frames-per-second film is transfered to video how much will
it slow down
        in terms of percentage?
        0.1%

343.  What music video by what group features lookalikes of Ronald Reagan
and Constantin
        Chernyenkno wrestling?
        Two Tribes by Frankie Goes to Hollywood

342. What plant is used as the badge of the Stuart clan?
        thistle

345. In the 2000 how much did US Pharmaceutical spending go up?
        19%

346. Who wrote the poem, "My land is bare from chattering folk/the clouds
are low ..."
        Dorothy Parker

347. During the filming of Blade Runner what did the crew have written on
their T-shirts?
        "Yes governor, my ass!" (missed)

348. Jimmy Katz provides the March 2001 cover photography for what magazine?
        Jazz Times

349. What organization does the acronym TAPE stand for in VH Swansong, which
premieres --
        well, you know by now.
        The Association of Potential Entertainment (missed)

350. Who's the only British League player to have averaged a goal a game in
his career?
        <didn't hear> (missed)

351. What was the name of the first GoodYear blimp?
        Pilgrim

352. Where is the world's largest thimble factory and how many thimbles does
it produce
        a week?
        <couldn't hear> (missed)

353. What film contains the line, "The swine! They blocked the line with
human pulp!"
        Quartermass 2

354. What were ALFs 2 favorite TV shows?
        Gilligan's Island and Polka Time (got it but later thrown out)

355. What song did Paul Simon play at the Brian Wilson tribute on Mar 29
2001 and what
        key did he play it in?
        Surfer Girl in D Major

356. What is an angry fruit salad in hacker lingo?
        Bad visual inteface design using too many colors

357. The sea cucumber's anus is home to what other species of sea life?
        pearl fish

358. What group was banned in Chile for being "devils and Satanists"?
        Iron Maiden

359. What actor says the line, "What are you, a stroke victim?" and in what
movie?
        Woody Allen, Small Time Crooks (missed)

360. In Hitler's famous Table Talk he claimed the Holocaust was a terrible
rumor. In his
        words, where were the Jews actually being taken?
        To the marshy parts of Russia (missed)

361. What kind of oil is used for underwater cooking in submarines?
        peanut oil

362. In J. D. Salinger's Laughing Man what is the name of laughing man's
wolf?
        Black Wing

363. How much did 200-year-old piece of Tibetan cheese fetch at auction in
1993?
        <thrown out>

364. According to Genesis what did God require of Abraham as a "token of the
covenant
        betwixt them"?
        circumcision

365. In the Sega game Chakan when a red vial for fire and a clear vial for
air are used
        together, what magic results?
        Blue-flamed swords (missed)

366. What is the screen name of the little boy in the 1963 film Charade?
        Jean-Louis Gaudel

367. After the Sept 11 attacks protestors in Bangledesh carried posters with
Osama bin
        Laden face alongside the face of what children's character?
        Bert of Sesame Street

368. What was the occupation Moe's mail order bride in the Simpsons?
        Diving for tourist pennies in a Micronesian swamp

369. What Pro-Wrester created the finishing move called the Mandible Claw?
        Dr. Sam Shepard

370. Group that Frankie Lymon's father was a member of? (10 points)
        Harlemaires

371.  On Oct 1 1961 Sal Durante went to a baseball game. Where did he sit?
        seat 4, box 163D, section 33

372. What WI town draws competitors from all over the world for the
Lumberjack World
        Championships?
        Hayward

373. Who was Marvel Comics "the Red Skull's" best friend?
        Adolph Hitler

374. On what date did Gil Hodges tie the record for total bases in a game?
        August 31, 1950

375. After seeing Hitchcock's movie Lifeboat what product did many audience
members
        send requests to him for?
        Reduce-o (thrown out)

376. Who was fined $500,000 after saying he wouldn't hire the top NBA
referee to
        manage a Dairy Queen?
        Mark Cuban

377. In the Canadian comic strip Bob the Angry Flower what device must never
be mentioned
        to Prof. Von Vahn?
        Oboe (missed)

378. What is the store number for the Lane Bryant store in Burnsville, MN?
        512 (shutout)

379. In boxing what is the term dukes short for?
        Duke of Yorks (missed)

380.    What did Juice Guy James Denitto wear when he climbed Mt. McKinley?
        nectar garb

381. What is the name of Paul Bunyan's hound dog?
        Nero the bear

382. After seeing Jabberwocky who called Terry Gilliam and said the
Jabberwocky monster
        was the best he ever saw?
        Stanley Kubrick (missed)

383. On the Dmitri from Paris album Sacre Bleu what movie are the clips How
do I look and
        I'm a Very Stylish Girl from?
        Breakfast at Tiffany's

384. What rock formation in Canyon de Chelly, AZ is the home of the
        Navaho deity the spider woman?
        Spider Rocks

385. What NY town is considered the birthplace of American feminism?
        Seneca Falls, NY

386. Bastard Killer is the Somerset name for what kind of plant?
        Juniper bush

387. What was the first US city to have electric street lights?
        Cleveland, OH

388. By using all but seven letters from the two middle Clue weapons, what
popular vehicle
        manufacturer can be spelled?
        Volvo (missed)

---GARUDAS---

389.  10pts 5 mins.  SOHO ENGLAND archway with a clock w/ scence of knight
fighting Dragon.
        What does placque under knight say.
        No minute gone, come ever back again,...make sure nothing you do is
in vain? (missed)

390.  10pts 5 min. Stage names of the 2 girls on June 26 & 28 2001 "Cowgirls
Three
        Strip Club", Klamath Falls, ORE.
        Miss Nude International, and Miss Nude Galaxy(missed - Shutout)

391.  25pts 6 min In his April 1915 response to editor of the New York
Globe,
        Thomas Dixon listed 3 Clergymen who endorsed "Birth of a Nation".
Who were they?
        Thomas Gregory, John Talbot Smith, ? Parker (missed - Shutout)

392.  50pts 6mins In the "Teenages Guide to Living", by Judson/Mary Landis,
what
        is quality #2 (word for word) for a datable girl?
        Pleasant and cheerful, not sullen and moody, no matter what life
brings you.
        (missed - Shutout)

393.    100pts 12mins Who drove in the winning runs, at the 2000 Busch
Baseball
        Tournament Championship in Madison WI?
        Kent Palmer (aka Alderballs) (Missed - Shutout)

